Rename Indexer client to Generator client throughout documentation (#253)
shinzonetwork/docs: content/hosts/quickstart/index.md

- `defradb.url`: API endpoint of your local DefraDB node. Defaults work for most setups.
- `defradb.keyring_secret`: Requires a secret to generate your private keys.

> - `p2p.bootstrap_peers`: Generator peers for receiving indexed data. Defaults include a reliable bootstrap peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `p2p.bootstrap_peers`: Generator client peers for receiving indexed data. Defaults include a reliable bootstrap peer.
```

The included `config.yaml` works for most local development. You typically only need to change peer settings or storage paths for advanced setups.
{% end %}

> ### Running Generator and Host on the Same Machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Running a Generator client and a Host client on the same machine
```

> If you are running your own generator, you can connect your Host to this generator by configuring `p2p.bootstrap_peers`. To get the required Peer ID, query the registration endpoint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running your own Generator client, you can connect your Host to this Generator client by configuring `p2p.bootstrap_peers`. To get the required Peer ID, query the registration endpoint:
```

```shell
curl http://localhost:8080/registration
```

> From this information, assemble your peer connection info: `/ip4/<your-ip-here>/tcp/9171/p2p/<your-PeerID-here>`. Now replace the default peer in `p2p.bootstrap_peers` with your generator peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From this information, assemble your peer connection info: `/ip4/<your-ip-here>/tcp/9171/p2p/<your-PeerID-here>`. Now replace the default peer in `p2p.bootstrap_peers` with your Generator client's peer.
```

> If you are running both Generator and Host on the same machine, apply the following changes to the [Host's `config.yaml`](https://github.com/shinzonetwork/shinzo-host-client/blob/main/config/config.yaml) to avoid port collisions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running a Generator client and a Host client on the same machine, apply the following changes to the [Host client's `config.yaml`](https://github.com/shinzonetwork/shinzo-host-client/blob/main/config/config.yaml) to avoid port collisions.
```

> The Generator is likely already using port `9181`, so update the `defradb.url` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Generator client is likely already using port `9181`, so update the `defradb.url` field:
```

```shell
url: "localhost:9182"
```

> Also update the [P2P settings](https://github.com/shinzonetwork/shinzo-host-client/blob/main/config/config.yaml#L4) to use localhost and a different port so the Host doesn't clash with the Generator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also update the [P2P settings](https://github.com/shinzonetwork/shinzo-host-client/blob/main/config/config.yaml#L4) to use localhost and a different port so the Host doesn't clash with the Generator client:
```
